
```RpgManager4
id: 
  type: "session"
  campaign: "Campaigns/Kody's Train Job/Kody's Train Job.md"
  parent: "Campaigns/Kody's Train Job/Kody's Train Job.md"
  positionInParent: 4
tasks: 
  - id: "03cb7dde-3d9b-428d-a903-507957a5f500"
    priority: 1
    name: "Complete Session"
    description: "Complete Session 04"
    type: "creation"
    status: "proposed"
```

[[Campaigns/Kody's Train Job/Kody's Train Job.md|]]
# Activities

- 2pm - a lounge activity in observatory car
- 6pm - fancy dress activity

# Notes

- guess is one of first four cars is probably the most secure
- first class in car 8
- dining in car 7
- second class in car 6, first floor is quarters, second floor is common area
- observatory in car 9
- Richard picked a random car and sleeps until at least dinner time
- spiral stair at each end of the car is lit at each landing, but dark in the middle
- 6th car library
	- book sections for travel, reference/history, kids books.  no smutty romance novels.
	- Karla sees a few folks that look like their on the lookout
	- Celeste gets a brief whiff of fresh mountain/forest air, but there's no open windows. doesn't match the surrounding terrain.
		- 
	- middle-aged halfling man, wearing glasses, attending the library. dressed in red coat, with Iron Horizon logo. (indicates he's staff)
		- Celeste says "this is my first time on a train, what should I know?"
			- Gidget
			- has a time-table with crew schedule, in his sleeve
			- Katy should be on-duty, but nowhere to be found.  Gidget goes to find her.
- Grael strolls through observation car looking for bodyguards/dangerous, etc.
	- only sees Kitty
	- just trying to stay busy
- Doc rests for a few hours
	- takes a bath in the tub, scrubs bones with toothbrush, checks organs for necrosis
	- puts suit and mask back on
	- goes out, sees an attendant at end of train corridor.  attendant goes and checks on Doc's room and hears a gasp/scream as the door closes.
	- goes to Deck 2, up to Solarium Parlor
		- finds a way to go "outside", and sees things on each car that look like they are place to walk
		- the transitions between final cars are covered/enclosed

# Activity Time!
	
- Karla does some investigation on the train car coupling
- Dining car is the heart of the train
	- long bar, freestanding enchanted instruments
	- human woman, auburn hair, sweet smile, a little chunky
		- gives a plate of veggies to "Bartholomew"
		- Darcy
		- "Silver Supper", a fun event. 
			- illusion accessories provided upon request
			- masks, and a "scandal ball"
				- "the reading of the scandals" makes it fun
- Tea and Tales
	- Observation car.  warm mahogany, and enclosed. no greenery, not as bright.  constellations moving across the floor.
	- a tea cart and stacks of cards, with an attendant.  
	- Doc does some insight checks for devious folks. finds one of the staff has a strong vibe.
		- attendant: elderly half-elven woman. has some wrinkles.  Gwenevieve
- Grael is poking around the train, trying to find a way to move about other than through the walkways
- Channing Taintum rouses, heads to get some food
	- gets some double espresso from the bar
	- does some sort of communication, by tapping a message on the wall
		- a way to talk to the back room
- Celeste takes the first card at Tea and Tales
	- "Have you ever worn a different name than the one you gave you boarded the train?"
- Karla goes next
	- "Which passenger has caught your eye, whether you admitted it or not?"
	- "Cummlicher"
		- a head pops up and looks at Karla when she says this
		- he calls Karla out, but burns himself
		- as the game goes on, he continues using something like a sending stone
- Cummlicher enters, and sits next to the man
	- makes a scene
	- the man's name is Peg Innerhole
- red-headed dwarf, caught lying about family status.
	- Gwen gives him something: "keep this with you, you'll need it for later"
- our table wins
	- winnings is some chocolates
	- Doc eats one in spectacular fashion
	- Celeste receives a tea spoon "the tea spoon of stirring secrets"
		- once per long rest, 5 uses total
		- can ask yes/no question about a person that had just drinked from it
	- Karla receives a perfume bottle with atomizer "perfume of partial truths"
		- once per long rest, 5 uses total
		- ADV on deception about motive or intent
	- Doc receives a business card "the socialite's calling card"
		- 5 uses total
		- can summon an NPC from silver supper at a later time
		- brings a person to you that you need most
	- Richard receives cameo of something
		- once per long rest, 5 uses total
		- can turn failure into success on charisma check
- Celeste gets Gwenevieve to agree to give a tour of the train cars
	- the 10th car has private salons
		- sound proof meeting chambers for VIPs
		- for business or "business"
		- one room is supposed to be sound proofed, but there's another way in.  "ears can be held to this door to hear"
	- shows Celeste up the maintenance car
		- must be accompanied to the arcane vault or cargo hold
- Doc pokes around and tries to find a way on top of the train.
	- Goes to maintenance car and gets stopped by an attendant
	- Asks to go past, attendant forces him to be accompanied
- Richard finds a note in his coat pocket
	- "Don’t trust the toast. Not all that glitters tonight is celebration — one dish hides the truth, and one guest would kill again to keep it buried. " - a passenger who's watched too long
- Karla sees the gentleman with the slightly scaled face (from the platform)