
```RpgManager4
id: 
  type: "session"
  campaign: "Campaigns/Kody's Train Job/Kody's Train Job.md"
  parent: "Campaigns/Kody's Train Job/Kody's Train Job.md"
  positionInParent: 1
tasks: 
  - id: "d83d46fa-2eaa-4f1e-b0bb-07598615e6ad"
    priority: 1
    name: "Complete Session"
    description: "Complete Session 01"
    type: "creation"
    status: "proposed"
```

[[Campaigns/Kody's Train Job/Kody's Train Job.md|]]

# Player Characters

- Michelle - Karla Dregg - Pirate? - Human
- Ryan - Grael - Fighter - Human
- Mark - Doc - Cleric - TBD
- Brian - Richard - TBD - Halfling
- Dustin - Celeste - Witch - Human

# Setup

Evening, near the shore. Crisp breeze and smell, late fall.  In the Wharf-top District.

Meet at the "Tide Span Sky Deck". At the top of the stairs, a sign post points toward the deck.  The bar at the top.

Bartender - Reptilian, all black scaled, named **Draxis**
Food vendor - **Natty**, selling skewers of lizard meat

Doc drinks a lot. "poison"
Grael does not.
Karla went to flirt with a patron, at the request of Celeste.
Herman took 2 gold from the suitor, Celeste gave it to the bartender.

Went to a gatcha bookshop
- Through the Moonlit Vale
- The Slightly Exagerated Tales of Barnabus Guff
- material used on basket at bottom is straw
	- buys "Forbidden Waltz" for two silver

- half-orc "butler" guy lets us into a door ([[kaelan.jpg]])
	- big room lots of leather chairs, etc
- lady of the house: veelia boog [[veelia.jpg]]
	- sent a mechanical pigeon, probably not a lover
	- asks us if we want tea, then calls for the mechanical tea servant named "lord biscuit"
	- 4 dog-shaped tea pots
		- porcel-pup - poops out a sugar cube
		- biscuit
		- brindlebrew
		- earl greyhound
		- clotted - milk
		- crumble - sugar
	- takes on business-y demeanor
	- owns the Boog and Veelia Paper Printing company
	- business is "trafficking in information"
		- "the empire is broke"
		- king allowed people to "lend funds" to the crown
		- veelia had an item, and it was taken

- epilogue
	- and older man, climbing through vines and brush
	- orb on his neck lit
	- falls through into an antichamber
	- sees a very large skull (maybe a dragon?)
	- "ah finally, that's what i need"

