
```RpgManager4
id: 
  type: "session"
  campaign: "Campaigns/With a Bang, Or a Whimper/With a Bang, Or a Whimper.md"
  parent: "Campaigns/With a Bang, Or a Whimper/With a Bang, Or a Whimper.md"
  positionInParent: 1
tasks: 
  - id: "5c75a6c0-5bd3-407d-865e-864ae985e6e1"
    priority: 1
    name: "Complete Session"
    description: "Complete Session 01"
    type: "creation"
    status: "proposed"
data: 
  description: ""
```


mika has a GECK, wants to find a better place to use it, but won't say where it is.  mortally wounded.  but Zander pulpfiction'd a stimpack at the last minute and she's good now.  mika knows "the perfect place" - called "Appleseed Hill".

we've travelled to Worchester Shire.  we set up camp for about a month.  we go up this hill, and the apple trees are _green_.  we set the GECK with a 10min timer and off it goes.  crazy bright warm mushroom cloud... but not a bad one.  the trees grow enormous.  beautiful garden, flowers, fruit trees, all among massive trees.  normal apples, just 250ft up now...

the "Auchenshuggle Fountain" named, also "New Dead Indian Road Village"

... one year later ...

"Jessie Pedigrue" leader of town.  nice guy, wise decision after wise decision. oversaw fixing of road and wall and started a tarberry farm at the cement factory.  

break in at the tarberry farm.  joseph and theresa's place.  they are ghouls.  she dead.  we lookin' around.

"Awww p" and Rusty McNickers is dead.  shotgun blast to the face.  fight with joseph the ghoul in the barn!  Rusty McNickers fails his death saves...  he's d-e-a-d dead.  Jessie's dead, too, but really Rusty is more important.  (Two nat ones).  Joseph said he doesn't remember her, or us.

"...eaches!" after being dunked in the Auchenshuggle Fountain.

 Jessie says to go ask around about info re: J+T.  Townsquare, Trade Post, and Pub.

we head to the Pub.  bartender named Barty the Bartender.  Barty is a super racist against ghouls.  white hat and all, lol.  
Barty said Rast was acting weird.  something about a disease/illness?  

there's a place in the northern wasteland that has lots of chocolate milk.  big house, gate.  drones in and out.

at the Trade Post, we meet two folks.  Quartermaster ("Qwerty") and Scavenger ("Scavvy").  they're fighting.  Quartermaster has no memory of writing a receipt for qty5 stimpacks to give to Scavenger.  Receipt has QM signature.  Scavenger used to buy tarberries from Joseph, but last few weeks he's been acting strange and being forgetful.  Quartermaster doesn't remember who Joseph is... but they've each been around for a long time.  QM can't remember what a stimpack is (a condiment?). 

at the Townsquare.  it's wintertime, so not a huge number of folks out and about.  we can hear a remote storm, about an hour away.  Akimbo, the kid, running around and playing.  "fat greg" is in the back of the kid group, trying to keep up.  Fat Greg says Theresa was keeping Joseph locked up, because he was going feral.  there's an old world machine outside of town that is a claw game that has a perfectly perserved pie inside.

"gussy floet" - heard that Rast went for a visit to J+T the other night.  it didn't help, it seems.  also Rusty smells good?  he wears "Drakka No R".

to the Clinic!  there's a sound, we go look at it.  on the desk, there's a lot of new paperwork for folks with memory and impulse control problems.  find some stimpacks in room 1 down the hall, but leave them.  find a boy in room 2, son of a woodcraftsman and 2 more stimpacks (leave'm).  just says "who" over and over.  room 3 has freshly blood-stained sheets, another 2 stimpacks in this room (pocket one).  

room 4 has dr rast.  dr rast doesn't seem to have any memory problems.  joseph was the first patient. it's been spreading and some people are missing.  "it's like a virus."  exponentially spreading.  he thinks its "a device" ("i've seen technology like this before").  has to be "at the power generator".  GECK is cold fusion powered, located 20ft below the Fountain.  last few weeks, noticed some changes to the power.  "gotta shut down the generator for a bit".  about 48 hours to get it back online before bad things happen.   he hasn't seen Mika in about a week.  she's headed to the warehouse.  "since i've seen.... damn, what was i doin'...  hey, welcome to the clinic".

lots of townsfolk stand in our way as we try to leave.  with guns.  Jessie is in the lead.  they all take aim....

"Awww p" /cut.to.black
[[Campaigns/With a Bang, Or a Whimper/With a Bang, Or a Whimper.md|]]