
```RpgManager4
id: 
  type: "session"
  campaign: "Campaigns/With a Bang, Or a Whimper/With a Bang, Or a Whimper.md"
  parent: "Campaigns/With a Bang, Or a Whimper/With a Bang, Or a Whimper.md"
  positionInParent: 2
tasks: 
  - id: "ab50bbf5-afa4-4296-959f-298906d5b11a"
    priority: 1
    name: "Complete Session"
    description: "Complete Session 02"
    type: "creation"
    status: "proposed"
```


# Clinic Encounter

Rast, from last time, we can either disable the generator or we can follow the signal from the generator room.

we get into a fight with the townsfolk and the mayor at the clinic.  Rusty stabs the mayor and the mayor explodes into a bunch of fleshy bits and electricity. Rusty gets some in his mouth.  ugh, gross.

more fighting ensues.  Rusty broke an alcoholic glass container over a baddie, and then later that baddie was killed which exploded him.   :fire: looots of :fire:

everyone gets out, but most everyone is injured.

# Talking to Rast

about 2 weeks between first symptoms and "feral" for Joseph, but regular people might have a different time frame

Rast confused by the other townsfolk not having real flesh-n-blood when they exploded.  gets real quiet when he gets questioned about this.

then head back to fountain to get our healin' on

# Talking it Over

the ghouls didn't have explody-not-flesh reactions to dying.  the fighting group from before were known to us, friends, and even took a turn at Trixy McSlutface's hole (giggity). the "control group" of town appears to be _us_.

- memory problems triggering feral-ness in ghouls
- people that explode when they shouldn't
- memory problems in normal people

we vote to leave to investigate the signal.  walking east toward the mountain, as that's getting some stronger "beeps".

# The Spot in the Middle

we find a weird boat, some diesel fuel, and an old high school.  the main building is burned down, but the gym is still standing.  
we see 3 normal looking "raider" types, and 1 guy that's more clean cut.

do some sneaky recon, Trevor causes a distraction, and the clean cut guy says "kill 'em"

**initiative**

we fightin'






[[Campaigns/With a Bang, Or a Whimper/With a Bang, Or a Whimper.md|]]